The New Deal
----------------------------------------

	At the beggining of The Great Depression, President Hoover operated in a hands of sort of way, and with some exceptions pretty much just
let the economy to whatever it wanted to do. People were upset that he wasnt doing anything, and started naming small poor towns "Hoovervilles." 
Because this public opinion of Hoover was formed, when FDR ran, he won in a landslide, because he represented Hope and Change.

	FDR passes a law to modernize and create infrastructure in underveloped sections of the American south, this is called the TWA, or this Tennessee Valley Authority. 
FDR also passes the CCC, or the Civilian Conservation Corps. Finally, FDR also passes the WPA, or Works Progress Administration which had a large variety of jobs programs
that built things across the country.

	In response to The Great Depression FDR creates a plethera of social saftey nets, which essentially allow people to get themselves out of hard times easier and faster.
Essentially this creates a minimum standard of living. One of these social saftey nets is the FERA, or Federal Emergency Relief Agency. This just allows for basic needs to be met in the
event that a natural disaster, so that people can collect themselves and get back on their feet. Another social saftey net is the Social Secruity Administration.
The SSA supplies those retired at 65 or over, or those handicapped with basic commodities needed to survive. FDR creates programs that are designed to increase national confidence in 
American economic institutions. One of these programs is the SEC, the SEC essentially just regulated the stock market, allowing people to feel more safe about the stocks that they 
were purchasing.

	The Wagner Act is also passed, allowing the US government to act as a middleman between businesses and labor unions in order to give labor unions a fair chance at doing the 
things they want to do. The AAA is a program that prevents overproduction. 

	Liberitarians begin to complain that this level of government interference is approaching socialism, however, in typical liberitarian fashion, they are wrong.
The working class in not attempting to possess the means of production and FDR is kind of acting as an otonomous force of nature, forming the nation in his hands 
like putty as he individually sees fit, not particularly socialist in nature. In fact, many would argue its not even particularly democratic and people start getting worried
that this level of power being granted to one President is a sure fire path to tyranny. 
